Add more substrate accounts + use one account in one relay (#526)
paritytech/parity-bridges-common: deployments/README.md

> These networks can be deployed using our [`./run.sh`](./run.sh) script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These bridges can be deployed using our [`./run.sh`](./run.sh) script.
```

To be consistent with the other fix

## General Notes

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Rialto authorities are named: `Alice`, `Bob`, `Charlie`, `Dave`, `Eve`.
Rialto-PoA authorities are named: `Arthur`, `Bertha`, `Carlos`.

> Millau authorities are named: `Alice`, `Bob`, `Charlie`, `Dave`, `Eve`.

Reviewer: nit: I'd swap these two lines so have Millau and Rialto beside each other

> Both authorities and following accounts have enough funds on corresponding Substrate chains:

Reviewer: I'd be more specific as to what "enough funds" means here. Maybe something like "enough funds for testing"?

- on Rialto: `Ferdie`, `George`, `Harry`.
- on Millau: `Ferdie`, `George`, `Harry`.

Names of accounts on Substrate (Rialto and Millau) chains may be prefixed with `//` and used as

> seeds for the `sr25519` keys. This seed may also be used in the signer argument in substrate

Reviewer: ```suggestion
seeds for the `sr25519` keys. This seed may also be used in the `signer` argument in Substrate
```

and PoA relays. Example:

```bash
./substrate-relay rialto-headers-to-millau \
	--rialto-host rialto-node-alice \
	--rialto-port 9944 \

> 	--millau-host millau-node-alexander \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	--millau-host millau-node-alice \
```

This is the name used in the Compose deployment

	--millau-port 9944 \
	--rialto-signer //Harry \
	--prometheus-host=0.0.0.0
```

Some accounts are used by bridge components. Using these accounts to sign other transactions
is not recommended, because this may lead to nonces conflict.

Following accounts are used when `poa-rialto` bridge is running:

> - Rialto' `Alice` signs relay transactions with new Rialto-PoA headers;

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Rialto's `Alice` signs relay transactions with new Rialto-PoA headers;
```
aren't `'s` missing everywhere?

Reviewer: I've seen my Mom (non-native English speaker) do the same thing before. The possessive apostrophe can be pretty confusing

> - Rialto' `Bob` signs relay transactions with Rialto-PoA -> Rialto currency exchange proofs.

Reviewer: Same nit on the punctuation here

- Rialto-PoA' `Arthur`: signs relay transactions with new Rialto headers;

> - Rialto-PoA' `Bertha`: signs currency exchange transactions.

Reviewer: I think we should try and avoid calling these `Rialto-PoA`, and stick with either `PoA` or `Ethereum-PoA`

Author: While we may (in theory) deploy bridge with any Ethereum-like PoA chain with PoA consensus engine, here we talk about specific chain that has 3 authorities (Arthur, Bertha and Carlos). So I don't think any generic nicknames are suitable here.

Reviewer: Sure, but in practice we've only got one instance of the PoA network being used. The deployment files and documentation has been moving away from the `Rialto-PoA` name (although it still lives on a little bit in the code)

Author: Well, we have at least two PoA bridges built into Rialto runtime - RialtoPoA and Kovan. We have `RialtoPoAHeaderApi` runtime API. We have `bin/rialto/runtime/src/rialto_poa.rs` file. As I said, I don't think that refering any chain with generic names is ok and if that is done in code, that probably should be fixed.

Following accounts are used when `rialto-millau` bridge is running:

> - Millau' `Charlie` signs relay transactions with new Rialto headers;

Reviewer: There's no need for punctuation at the end of the bullet points (`;` and `.`) - these aren't sentences

Author: I don't think we have any strict rule about this defined? I could see Substrate is using punctuation in many places (e.g. [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/frame/system), [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/frame/transaction-payment), [here](https://github.com/paritytech/substrate/tree/master/frame/recovery)), so I don't think it should be changed.

Reviewer: I just read some posts on the punctuation of bullet lists, and the gist I got was that we _may_ use periods at the end of each point here. The reason is because they're (kinda) complete sentences. However, we should _not_ be using semicolons. The examples you gave are clearly full sentences, which is why the have periods at the end.

If we want to be consistent, which is one approach to addressing this, then we should just use periods. However, I don't really want to spend more time writing about punctuation, so I'll let you decide what's best.

Author: [That's the](https://english.stackexchange.com/questions/75591/semicolons-at-the-end-of-list-items) first line in the "punctuation at bullet lists semicolon" google results, so I'm going with semicolon.

- Rialto's `Charlie` signs relay transactions with new Millau headers;

> - Millau's `Dave` signs Millau transactions with messages to Rialto;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Millau's `Dave` signs Millau transactions which contain messages for Rialto;
```

- Rialto's `Dave` signs Rialto transactions with messages to Millau;

> - Millau's `Eve` signs relay transactions with message delivery confirmations from Rialto to Millau;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Millau's `Eve` signs transactions for operating the message lane relay from Rialto to Millau;
```

Author: It is too generic. Dave is also signing relay transactions for operating the message lane relay

> - Rialto' `Eve` signs relay transactions with messages from Millau to Rialto;

Reviewer 2: I'm not sure I understand what `Rialto's Eve' does. How does that differ from `Dave`?

Reviewer: So Dave is used by the relayer that _submits_ a message that a user wants sent across a lane, while Eve is used for the relayer which servers (so actually sends) that message lane. This should be clarified a bit in the docs

Author: That's correct - Dave is signing transactions with new messages on the sending side. And Eve is used by relay to sign transactions that deliver these messages to the receiving side. Please suggest changes

Reviewer: I left some suggestion. I'd use those/something similar with Dave, Eve, and Ferdie
